Hi guys, K-Movie Recapped here. Before
we start, WARNING! Spoilers Ahead! Today,
I’m going to explain a 2016 Korean
Horror-Thriller movie called The Wailing.
Within a seemingly peaceful village, a
plague of mysterious and violent deaths
suddenly takes place. Will they find
the truth behind the mysterious plague?
The story starts with Jong-Goo, a police officer,
going to the scene of a mass murder. They have
arrested a guy who’s apparently stabbed and killed
everyone. This guy seems infected with an unknown
disease, his body is covered in rashes. They
think it’s because he ate some bad mushrooms.
They then follow the trail into another home
where Jong-goo sees dried flowers at the entrance.
Inside, they find a filthy nest-like room
where they think is the murder scene.
At the police station, Jong-Goo and
his partner are talking about a rumor,
a hunter saw a Stranger eating an animal carcass
in the woods. Since the arrival of a mysterious
Stranger from Japan at their village, a series of
mysterious and violent deaths have been happening.
But Jong-Goo just thinks that as an ignorant
thought. Suddenly, they face a power outage.
Just then, they see a naked woman staring
inside. By the time they go out, she has gone.
On the next day, Jong-Goo is banging his wife in
a car, and his daughter witnesses this. He then
buys his daughter a ton of things so she’d remain
quiet about it. At night, a house is burned down
by a woman who also has killed her family. She
was also affected by the rashes as confirmed
by other witnesses. Jong-goo sees the Stranger
for the first time on the scene. He connects
that it was the naked woman from the previous
night who had burned down her house. One of his
friends tells him that the woman was raped by the
Stranger, making her go crazy and run around the
village naked at night. Jong-Goo still considers
this as a rumor since there is no evidence.
When Jong-Goo is guarding the burned-down house,
a strange young lady bothers him by throwing
rocks at him. She then tells him the details of
the murder, as if she saw it with her own eyes.
She warns him saying that if he’s been
seeing the Stranger more often than before,
it means he’s being hunted.
When he calls his partner,
that young lady is gone. But, as she mentions,
Jong-goo’s daughter suddenly falls sick.
On the next day, Jong-Goo meets the hunter who
claims to be a witness to the Stranger eating
animal carcasses in the woods. So they go to the
woods to find out more and see a lot of animal
bone remains on the ground. It starts to rain.
The witness gets scared and decides to go back,
but he gets struck by lightning
and is admitted to the hospital.
At the hospital, Jong-Goo sees another patient
having a seizure before he pukes blood and dies.
That patient is the suspect
from the first murder case.
At home, Jong-Goo’s daughter keeps having
a nightmare where a strange man is banging
on the door. In the morning, she
looks better and eats a lot of fish.
Which they find strange because
she didn't like fish before.
Jong-Goo’s mother-in-law suggests that they
should bring in a shaman to perform an exorcism.
Jong-Goo meets with his partner’s nephew who is
a pastor who also happens to understand Japanese.
They go to the Stranger’s house to find more
clues. Jong-Goo finds a room with a bizarre altar
in it, while his partner finds a room full of
photos of all the people who had been infected and
after they had died. Jong-goo’s daughter’s shoe is
also found amongst other items. When the Stranger
comes, they go back home. Jong-Goo questions
his daughter about meeting the Stranger. His
daughter lashes out at him all crazy. He leaves
and comes back later at night and finds strange
scribbles in her book and rashes on her body. She
wakes up and lashes out at him more till they have
to restrain her. His mother-in-law tells him that
she already contacted Il-Gwang, a famous shaman.
In the morning, Jong-Goo goes back to the
Stranger’s house with the pastor and confronts
him. But when he gets there, the Stranger already
burned the photos and things he found yesterday.
He ends up wrecking the Stranger’s
house and killing his dog.
He then tells the Stranger to leave the village in
3 days. Jong-Goo’s wife brings their daughter to
the hospital. They found out that her symptoms
are similar to the previous murder suspects.
On the next day, Jong-Goo wakes up to a
scream, his wife finds a goat carcass hanging
on their home entrance. But for some reason, he
can’t walk properly and keep falling. They bring
him to a local acupuncture practitioner, leaving
their daughter to their neighbor. This turns out
to be a big mistake, as they come back, they find
their daughter killed the neighbor with a scissor.
Il-Gwang, the shaman, arrives and locates a
vase with a dead raven in it. He says that
the Japanese Stranger is a ghost and arranges
for an exorcism. He mentions that the ritual is
out-of-body and mustn’t be interrupted at any
cost. Meanwhile, another murder case happens.
A farmer kills his entire family and throws
them in a well, the same story of the rashes.
The next day, Il-Gwang conducts the ritual. The
Stranger is doing a ritual of his own to possess
the dead farmer in a truck. While Il-Gwang
is performing the ritual, Jong-Goo’s daughter
shrieks in pain, begging him to stop the ritual.
Jong-goo interrupts Il-Gwang’s ritual and takes
his daughter to a hospital. The interruption keeps
his daughter safe for a while. The Stranger takes
some damage but manages to survive. The strange
young lady is also seen at the Stranger’s house.
The next morning, he assembles his friends
and goes out on a hunt for the Stranger.
They run into the dead farmer who has turned
into an undead. They eventually manage to beat
him. Just then they spot the Stranger and chase
him. They lose him over the cliffs after the
Stranger jumps down and hides. As they drive back,
Jong-Goo loses control of his truck and swerves.
As he does, a person lands on his windshield. They
step out and see that it is the Stranger that they
were chasing. He and his men throw the Stranger’s
body over the cliff while the strange young
lady is seen again on the top of the hill. His
daughter gets better and they take her back home.
At night, the police find Jong-Goo’s
partner gets infected and kills his family.
Il-Gwang tries to reach Jong-goo,
but he keeps declining his call.
Il-Gwang goes to his house but gets intercepted
by the strange young lady who makes him bleed
and puke excessively and asks him to leave town.
In fear, he gets into his car and drives away.
Il-Gwang, who is trying to leave town,
passes through a swarm of locusts and is
forced to turn back. Jong-Goo sees the many
missed calls from Il-Gwang and reaches out.
Il-Gwang tells Jong-goo that the Stranger is
the good guy and that he was wrong about him.
And that strange young lady is the evil
spirit. He asks Jong-goo to go straight home.
Jong-Goo meets with the young lady in front of
his house. She tells him that if he goes home,
everyone in his family will die. That the
Stranger is using his family as bait and is
waiting for him. And that the Stranger is not
someone who can die. She also mentions about
her protection but it would work only if Jong-Goo
waits until three rooster crows before going home.
He gets a call from Il-Gwang telling him
to don't trust the lady and to go home.
Jong-Goo doesn’t know who to trust. Moo-Myung
holds his hand, but she doesn’t seem human to
him. He also notices his daughter’s hair clip
and clothing of people who had died earlier
which makes Jong-Goo think that she’s the evil
one and runs back home. Inside, he finds his
whole family has been killed by his daughter. The
daughter shows up and ends up killing him too.
While these events transpire, the pastor locates
the Stranger who is still alive in a cave.
He goes there unaware of what to
expect. The Stranger transforms to
reveal his demon form and kills the
pastor after taking his photograph.
Il-Gwang comes to take pictures of the
dead. In the end, the evil spirit wins.
Make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications
so you can watch more videos like this.
Thanks for watching, and see you, next time.